ID	Class Number	Class Name	Professor	Description
77684	CSE 100	Principles of Programming with C++	Burger	"Principles of problem solving using C++, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques, and computer systems concepts. Social and ethical responsibility."	
82279	CSE 100	Principles of Programming with C++	"Dougherty, Hossain, Pal"	"Principles of problem solving using C++, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques, and computer systems concepts. Social and ethical responsibility."	
84956	CSE 100	Principles of Programming with C++	Tadayon-Navabi	"Principles of problem solving using C++, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques, and computer systems concepts. Social and ethical responsibility."	
84789	CSE 110	Principles of Programming	Baron	"Concepts of problem solving using an object-oriented programming language, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques."	
77700	CSE 110	Principles of Programming	Baron	"Concepts of problem solving using an object-oriented programming language, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques."	
77711	CSE 110	Principles of Programming	Tadayon-Navabi	"Concepts of problem solving using an object-oriented programming language, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques."	
77722	CSE 110	Principles of Programming	Baron	"Concepts of problem solving using an object-oriented programming language, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques."	
79261	CSE 110	Principles of Programming	Tadayon-Navabi	"Concepts of problem solving using an object-oriented programming language, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques."	
79429	CSE 110	Principles of Programming	Khaliqi	"Concepts of problem solving using an object-oriented programming language, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques."	
89033	CSE 110	Principles of Programming	Kobayashi	"Concepts of problem solving using an object-oriented programming language, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques."	
93511	CSE 110	Principles of Programming	Miller	"Concepts of problem solving using an object-oriented programming language, algorithm design, structured programming, fundamental algorithms and techniques."	
70690	CSE 120	Digital Design Fundamentals	Hartin	"Number systems, conversion methods, binary and complement arithmetic, Boolean algebra, circuit minimization, ROMs, PLAs, flipflops, synchronous sequential circuits."	
70691	CSE 120	Digital Design Fundamentals	Maurer	"Number systems, conversion methods, binary and complement arithmetic, Boolean algebra, circuit minimization, ROMs, PLAs, flipflops, synchronous sequential circuits."	
70692	CSE 120	Digital Design Fundamentals	Matar	"Number systems, conversion methods, binary and complement arithmetic, Boolean algebra, circuit minimization, ROMs, PLAs, flipflops, synchronous sequential circuits."	
70693	CSE 120	Digital Design Fundamentals	Goryll	"Number systems, conversion methods, binary and complement arithmetic, Boolean algebra, circuit minimization, ROMs, PLAs, flipflops, synchronous sequential circuits."	
76298	CSE 120	Digital Design Fundamentals	Chickamenahalli	"Number systems, conversion methods, binary and complement arithmetic, Boolean algebra, circuit minimization, ROMs, PLAs, flipflops, synchronous sequential circuits."	
78309	CSE 120	Digital Design Fundamentals	Matar	"Number systems, conversion methods, binary and complement arithmetic, Boolean algebra, circuit minimization, ROMs, PLAs, flipflops, synchronous sequential circuits."	
79861	CSE 120	Digital Design Fundamentals	Maurer	"Number systems, conversion methods, binary and complement arithmetic, Boolean algebra, circuit minimization, ROMs, PLAs, flipflops, synchronous sequential circuits."	
85611	CSE 120	Digital Design Fundamentals	Chickamenahalli	"Number systems, conversion methods, binary and complement arithmetic, Boolean algebra, circuit minimization, ROMs, PLAs, flipflops, synchronous sequential circuits."	
85617	CSE 120	Digital Design Fundamentals	Matar	"Number systems, conversion methods, binary and complement arithmetic, Boolean algebra, circuit minimization, ROMs, PLAs, flipflops, synchronous sequential circuits."	
70694	CSE 180	Computer Literacy	Chung	Students gain fluency in integrating technology to efficiently and effectively solve problems using computational thinking.	
94400	CSE 194	Special Topics	Baron	Covers topics of immediate or special interest to a faculty member and students.	
84863	CSE 205	Object-Oriented Programming and Data Structures	Balasooriya	Problem solving by programming with an object-oriented programming language. Introduces data structures. Overview of computer science topics.	
70695	CSE 205	Object-Oriented Programming and Data Structures	Feng	Problem solving by programming with an object-oriented programming language. Introduces data structures. Overview of computer science topics.	
73825	CSE 205	Object-Oriented Programming and Data Structures	Das	Problem solving by programming with an object-oriented programming language. Introduces data structures. Overview of computer science topics.	
84115	CSE 205	Object-Oriented Programming and Data Structures	Chakati	Problem solving by programming with an object-oriented programming language. Introduces data structures. Overview of computer science topics.	
70696	CSE 220	"Programming for Computer Engineering Introduction to C/C++, systems programming, and concurrency."	Selgrad	"Introduction to C/C++, systems programming, and concurrency."	
70697	CSE 230	Computer Organization and Assembly Language Programming	Nakamura	Register-level computer organization. Instruction set architecture. Assembly language. Processor organization and design. Memory organization. IO programming. Exception/interrupt handling.	
84864	CSE 230	Computer Organization and Assembly Language Programming	Mar	Register-level computer organization. Instruction set architecture. Assembly language. Processor organization and design. Memory organization. IO programming. Exception/interrupt handling.	
70699	CSE 230	Computer Organization and Assembly Language Programming	Nakamura	Register-level computer organization. Instruction set architecture. Assembly language. Processor organization and design. Memory organization. IO programming. Exception/interrupt handling.	
74300	CSE 230	Computer Organization and Assembly Language Programming	Calliss	Register-level computer organization. Instruction set architecture. Assembly language. Processor organization and design. Memory organization. IO programming. Exception/interrupt handling.	
84865	CSE 240	Introduction to Programming Languages	Gonzalez Sanchez	"Introduces the procedural (C/C++/Python), applicative (LISP/Scheme) and declarative (Prolog) languages."	
75416	CSE 240	Introduction to Programming Languages	Chen	"Introduces the procedural (C/C++/Python), applicative (LISP/Scheme) and declarative (Prolog) languages."	
89045	CSE 240	Introduction to Programming Languages	Chen	"Introduces the procedural (C/C++/Python), applicative (LISP/Scheme) and declarative (Prolog) languages."	
84983	CSE 259	Logic in Computer Science	Lee	"Logic has been called the calculus of computer science. The argument is that logic plays a fundamental role in computer science, similar to that played by calculus in physical sciences and other engineering disciplines. Indeed, logic plays an important role in computer architecture (Boolean logic, digital gates, hardware verification); software engineering (specification, verification); programming languages (semantics, type theory, logic programming); databases (relational algebra, database query language); artificial intelligence (automated theorem proving, knowledge representation); algorithms and theory of computation (complexity, computability, expressiveness). This course is a mathematically solid introduction to propositional logic, first order logic, logic programming, and their applications in computer science."	
80611	CSE 301	Computing Ethics	Hansford	"Ethics for computing majors: history of computing, intellectual property, privacy, ethical frameworks, professional ethical responsibilities, and risks of computer-based systems."	
70700	CSE 310	Data Structures and Algorithms	Feng	"Advanced data structures and algorithms, including stacks, queues, trees (B, B+, AVL), and graphs. Searching for graphs, hashing, external sorting."	
78465	CSE 310	Data Structures and Algorithms	Yang	"Advanced data structures and algorithms, including stacks, queues, trees (B, B+, AVL), and graphs. Searching for graphs, hashing, external sorting."	
86470	CSE 310	Data Structures and Algorithms	Xue	"Advanced data structures and algorithms, including stacks, queues, trees (B, B+, AVL), and graphs. Searching for graphs, hashing, external sorting."	
88400	CSE 310	Data Structures and Algorithms	Syrotiuk	"Advanced data structures and algorithms, including stacks, queues, trees (B, B+, AVL), and graphs. Searching for graphs, hashing, external sorting."	
70701	CSE 320	Design and Synthesis of Digital Hardware	Ren	"Design and synthesis of digital hardware with hardware description language, computer-aided design tools, and programmable devices."	
70689	CSE 325	Embedded Microprocessor Systems	Shrivastava	System-level programming and analysis of embedded microprocessors systems. Fundamental concepts of digital system design for embedded system applications.	
80810	CSE 330	Operating Systems	Banerjee	"Operating system structure and services, processor scheduling, concurrent processes, synchronization techniques, memory management, virtual memory, input/output, storage management, and file systems."	
92555	CSE 330	Operating Systems	Banerjee	"Operating system structure and services, processor scheduling, concurrent processes, synchronization techniques, memory management, virtual memory, input/output, storage management, and file systems."	
82965	CSE 335	Principles of Mobile Application Development	Balasooriya	"Covers topics pertaining to fundamental concepts of mobile application development principles including design patterns; data persistence; interfacing with services and devices; location and incorporation of existing frameworks; user interface and experience; context awareness; utilization of built-in tools for software profiling, testing, and version control; and security/privacy issues."	
78011	CSE 340	Principles of Programming Languages	Bazzi	"Formal syntactic and semantic descriptions, compilation and implementation issues, and theoretical foundations for several programming paradigms."	
83202	CSE 355	Introduction to Theoretical Computer Science	McDaniel	"Introduces formal language theory and automata, Turing machines, decidability/undecidability, recursive function theory, and complexity theory."	
86475	CSE 355	Introduction to Theoretical Computer Science	Colbourn	"Introduces formal language theory and automata, Turing machines, decidability/undecidability, recursive function theory, and complexity theory."	
86476	CSE 355	Introduction to Theoretical Computer Science	Colbourn	"Introduces formal language theory and automata, Turing machines, decidability/undecidability, recursive function theory, and complexity theory."	
70702	CSE 360	Introduction to Software Engineering	Calliss	"Software life cycle models; project management, team development environments and methodologies; software architectures; quality assurance and standards; legal, ethical issues."	
70703	CSE 360	Introduction to Software Engineering	Calliss	"Software life cycle models; project management, team development environments and methodologies; software architectures; quality assurance and standards; legal, ethical issues."	
89049	CSE 360	Introduction to Software Engineering	Calliss	"Software life cycle models; project management, team development environments and methodologies; software architectures; quality assurance and standards; legal, ethical issues."	
89051	CSE 365	Information Assurance	Calliss	"Concepts of information assurance (IA); basic IA techniques, policies, risk management, administration, legal and ethics issues."	
70710	CSE 408	Multimedia Information Systems	Doupe	"Design, use, and applications of multimedia systems. Introduces acquisition, compression, storage, retrieval, and presentation of data from different media such as images, text, voice, and alphanumeric."	
80222	CSE 412	Database Management	Suthar	Introduces DBMS concepts. Data models and languages. Relational database theory. Database security/integrity and concurrency.	
92585	CSE 420	Computer Architecture I	Nakamura	Computer architecture. Performance versus cost tradeoffs. Instruction set design. Basic processor implementation and pipelining.	
78028	CSE 423	Systems Capstone Project I	Shrivastava	"Development process: specification, design, implementation, evaluation, and testing with economic, social, and safety considerations. Technical communication and team skills enrichment."	
70705	CSE 424	Systems Capstone Project II	Meuth	Continuation of capstone project started in CSE 423	
74192	CSE 424	Systems Capstone Project II	Meuth	Continuation of capstone project started in CSE 423	
89054	CSE 434	 Computer Networks	Meuth	Continuation of capstone project started in CSE 423	
70706	CSE 438	Embedded Systems Programming	Lu	"Development of embedded system software, I/O handlers, and multiple threaded programs. Scheduling algorithms. Embedded software structures. Real-time operating system."	
78444	CSE 445	Distributed Software Development	Lee	"Distributed system architectures and design, service-oriented computing, and frameworks for development of distributed applications and software components."	
70707	CSE 450	Design and Analysis of Algorithms	Chen	"Design and analysis of computer algorithms using analytical and empirical methods; complexity measures, design methodologies, and survey of important algorithms."	
70708	CSE 460	Software Analysis and Design	Gupta	Object-oriented and structured analysis and design; software architecture and design patterns; component-based development; software safety and reliability.	
70709	CSE 463	Introduction to Human Computer Interaction	Sarjoughian	"Design, evaluate, and implement interactive software intended for human use."	
83292	CSE 464	Software Quality Assurance and Testing	Atkinson	"Software quality assurance (SQA), software quality metrics, software configuration management, software verification and validation, reviews, inspections, understanding software testing process, functional testing, structural testing, model-based testing, integration, system, and regression testing techniques, software life cycle models and software testing, testing distributed software, bug management, and use of testing tools."	
75058	CSE 466	Computer Systems Security	Balasooriya	Countermeasures to attacks to computer systems from miscreants (or hackers) and basic topics of cryptography and network security.	
72291	CSE 468	Computer Network Security	Shoshitaishvili	"Practical network security exposure and hands-on experience about basic concepts, case studies, and useful tools."	
72852	CSE 471	Introduction to Artificial Intelligence	Huang	"State space search, heuristic search, games, knowledge representation techniques, expert systems, and automated reasoning."	
92608	CSE 472	Social Media Mining	Srivastava	"Network measures, social network analysis, network models, random graphs, small-world model, power laws, data mining, influence and homophily, information diffusion, epidemics, behavioral analysis, recommendation in social media, community detection."	
92613	CSE 477	Introduction to Computer-Aided Geometric Design	Liu	Introduction to Computer-Aided Geometric Design	
80291	CSE 484	Internship	Hansford	"Structured practical experience following a contract or plan, supervised by faculty and practitioners."	
73746	CSE 485	Computer Science Capstone Project I	Zhao	"First course in capstone sequence for computer science majors emphasizing development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
70711	CSE 485	Computer Science Capstone Project I	Zhao	"First course in capstone sequence for computer science majors emphasizing development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
76912	CSE 485	Computer Science Capstone Project I	Zhao	"First course in capstone sequence for computer science majors emphasizing development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
76919	CSE 485	Computer Science Capstone Project I	Zhao	"First course in capstone sequence for computer science majors emphasizing development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
78738	CSE 485	Computer Science Capstone Project I	Zhao	"First course in capstone sequence for computer science majors emphasizing development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
83625	CSE 485	Computer Science Capstone Project I	Zhao	"First course in capstone sequence for computer science majors emphasizing development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
89628	CSE 486	Computer Science Capstone Project II	Zhao	"Second course in capstone sequence for computer science majors continuing the development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
82539	CSE 486	Computer Science Capstone Project II	Zhao	"Second course in capstone sequence for computer science majors continuing the development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
84966	CSE 486	Computer Science Capstone Project II	Zhao	"Second course in capstone sequence for computer science majors continuing the development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
89629	CSE 486	Computer Science Capstone Project II	Zhao	"Second course in capstone sequence for computer science majors continuing the development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
89630	CSE 486	Computer Science Capstone Project II	Zhao	"Second course in capstone sequence for computer science majors continuing the development process, technical skills, teamwork, and communication."	
91819	CSE 492	Honors Directed Study	Select instructor during enrollment	"Independent study in which a student, under the supervision of a faculty member, conducts research or creative work that is expected to lead to an undergraduate honors thesis or creative project."	
75876	CSE 492	Honors Directed Study	Select instructor during enrollment	"Independent study in which a student, under the supervision of a faculty member, conducts research or creative work that is expected to lead to an undergraduate honors thesis or creative project."	
72571	CSE 493	Honors Thesis	Select instructor during enrollment	Supervised research or creative activity focused on preparation and completion of an undergraduate honors thesis or creative project.	
88652	CSE 493	Honors Thesis	Select instructor during enrollment	Supervised research or creative activity focused on preparation and completion of an undergraduate honors thesis or creative project.	
72572	CSE 494	Special Topics	Fainekos	Covers topics of immediate or special interest to a faculty member and students.	
89553	CSE 494	Special Topics	Li	Covers topics of immediate or special interest to a faculty member and students.	
89554	CSE 499	Individualized Instruction	Select instructor during enrollment	"Provides an opportunity for original study or investigation in the major or field of specialization on an individual and more autonomous basis. Neither a substitute for a catalog course nor a means of taking a catalog course on an individual basis. Requires application well in advance of regular registration with the student's advisor, the advisor's signature, and approval by both the instructor with whom the student will work and the chair of the department offering the course."	
94835	CSE 499	Individualized Instruction	Select instructor during enrollment	"Provides an opportunity for original study or investigation in the major or field of specialization on an individual and more autonomous basis. Neither a substitute for a catalog course nor a means of taking a catalog course on an individual basis. Requires application well in advance of regular registration with the student's advisor, the advisor's signature, and approval by both the instructor with whom the student will work and the chair of the department offering the course."	
73743	CSE 511	Semi-Structured Data Management	Jones	"Addresses the data management issues for semi-structured data, which are commonly found in Web applications. Covers techniques on modeling, storing, querying and searching data without schemas, with optional confidence, and/or provenance information. Requires knowledge on relational databases and programming skills."	
94438	CSE 512	Distributed Database Systems	Elsayed	"Distributed database design, query processing, and transaction processing. Distributed database architectures and interoperability. Emerging technology."	
80471	CSE 515	Multimedia and Web Databases	Candan	"Data models for multimedia and Web data; query processing and optimization for inexact retrieval; advanced indexing, clustering, and search techniques."	
83741	CSE 530	Embedded Operating System Internals	Lee	"Investigating Linux source including: memory management, kernel synchronization and driver design topics. Designing, coding, testing, and evaluating embedded operating system software in a Linux environment."	
83306	CSE 531	Distributed and Multiprocessor Operating Systems	Syrotiuk	Distributed and Multiprocessor Operating Systems	
72088	CSE 535	Mobile Computing	Banerjee	"Mobile networking, mobile information access, adaptive applications, energy-aware systems, location-aware computing, mobile security and privacy."	
78445	CSE 539	Applied Cryptography	Bazzi	"Uses cryptography for secure protocols over networked systems, including signatures, certificates, timestamps, electrons, digital cash, and other multiparty coordination."	
79036	CSE 543	Information Assurance and Security	Yau	Comprehensive understanding of information assurance and security problems with the solutions as well as hands-on experiences about applying these solutions.	
92619	CSE 545	Software Security	Wang	"Theories and tools for software security, including secure design, threat analysis and modeling, security testing and coding."	
72775	CSE 551	Foundations of Algorithms	Sen	"Advanced topics in formal algorithm design and analysis, including advanced shortest-paths algorithms, amortized analysis, network flows, NP-completeness and selected topics in computational geometry, distributed/parallel, randomized, and approximation algorithms."	
82289	CSE 551	Foundations of Algorithms	Sen	"Advanced topics in formal algorithm design and analysis, including advanced shortest-paths algorithms, amortized analysis, network flows, NP-completeness and selected topics in computational geometry, distributed/parallel, randomized, and approximation algorithms."	
83667	CSE 563	Software Requirements and Specification	Sarjoughian	"Examines the definitional stage of software development; analysis of specification representations, formal methods, and techniques emphasizing important application issues."	
92622	CSE 564	Software Design	Gaffar	Examines software design issues and techniques. Includes a survey of design representations and a comparison of design methods.	
80013	CSE 565	"Software Verification, Validation, and Testing"	Collofello	"Test planning, requirements-based and code-based testing techniques, tools, reliability models, and statistical testing."	
78466	CSE 569	Fundamentals of Statistical Learning and Pattern Recognition	Demakethepalli Venkateswara	Fundamentals of Statistical Learning and Pattern Recognition	
79123	CSE 570	Advanced Computer Graphics I	Hansford	"Hidden surface algorithms, lighting models, and shading techniques. User interface design. Animation techniques. Fractals and stochastic models. Raster algorithms."	
80224	CSE 571	Artificial Intelligence	Zhang	"Definitions of intelligence, computer problem solving, game playing, pattern recognition, theorem proving, and semantic information processing; evolutionary systems; heuristic programming."	
89632	CSE 572	Data Mining	Banerjee	"Advanced data mining techniques: classification, clustering, association, preprocessing; performance evaluation; information assurance, Web mining, security and privacy issues, and other applications. Students must have a solid background in database management systems, search, learning, and statistics to be successful in this course."	
82502	CSE 574	Planning and Learning Methods in AI	Gil	"Reasoning about time and action, plan synthesis and execution, improving planning performance, applications to manufacturing intelligent agents."	
93049	CSE 575	Statistical Machine Learning	Tong	"Spectral clustering, regression, classification, semi-supervised learning, feature reduction, manifold learning, ranking, kernel learning and multitask learning."	
83627	CSE 576	Topics in Natural Language Processing	Baral	"Comparative parsing strategies, scoping and reference problems, nonfirst-order logical semantic representations, and discourse structure."	
92618	CSE 578	Data Visualization	Jones	"Amidst the information flood in which we are currently immersed, visualizations can be a well-placed treetop. The rise of big data has the potential to inform decisions, and visual representations can play a crucial intermediate role in our daily information consumption. Covers techniques and algorithms for creating effective visualizations based on principles from graphic design, visual art, perceptual psychology and cognitive science to enhance the understanding of complex data."	
94439	CSE 578	Data Visualization	Bryan	"Amidst the information flood in which we are currently immersed, visualizations can be a well-placed treetop. The rise of big data has the potential to inform decisions, and visual representations can play a crucial intermediate role in our daily information consumption. Covers techniques and algorithms for creating effective visualizations based on principles from graphic design, visual art, perceptual psychology and cognitive science to enhance the understanding of complex data."	
94371	CSE 580	Practicum	Select instructor during enrollment	"Structured practical experience in a professional program, supervised by a practitioner and/or faculty member with whom the student works closely."	
75877	CSE 580	Practicum	Select instructor during enrollment	"Structured practical experience in a professional program, supervised by a practitioner and/or faculty member with whom the student works closely."	
73745	CSE 584	Internship	Select instructor during enrollment	"Structured practical experience following a contract or plan, supervised by faculty and practitioners."	
88747	CSE 584	Internship	Select instructor during enrollment	"Structured practical experience following a contract or plan, supervised by faculty and practitioners."	
73747	CSE 590	Reading and Conference	Select instructor during enrollment	"Independent study in which a student meets regularly with a faculty member to discuss assignments. Course may include such assignments as intensive reading in a specialized area, writing a synthesis of literature on a specified topic, or writing a literature review of a topic."	
88700	CSE 590	Reading and Conference	Select instructor during enrollment	"Independent study in which a student meets regularly with a faculty member to discuss assignments. Course may include such assignments as intensive reading in a specialized area, writing a synthesis of literature on a specified topic, or writing a literature review of a topic."	
73744	CSE 591	Seminar	Hsiao	"A small class emphasizing discussion, presentations by students, and written research papers."	
86679	CSE 591	Seminar	Kambhampati	"A small class emphasizing discussion, presentations by students, and written research papers."	
92792	CSE 595	Continuing Registration	Select instructor during enrollment	"Used in situations where registration is necessary but where credit is not needed. Replaces arbitrary enrollment in reading and conference, research, thesis, dissertation, etc. Used by students when taking comprehensive examinations, defending theses or dissertations, or fulfilling the continuous enrollment requirement in doctoral programs. Credit is not awarded, and no grade is assigned."	
84373	CSE 595	Continuing Registration	Select instructor during enrollment	"Used in situations where registration is necessary but where credit is not needed. Replaces arbitrary enrollment in reading and conference, research, thesis, dissertation, etc. Used by students when taking comprehensive examinations, defending theses or dissertations, or fulfilling the continuous enrollment requirement in doctoral programs. Credit is not awarded, and no grade is assigned."	
72573	CSE 598	Special Topics	Elsayed	"Topical courses not offered in regular course rotation--e.g., new courses not in the catalog, courses by visiting faculty, courses on timely topics, highly specialized courses responding to unique student demand."	
94949	CSE 599	Thesis	Wu	"Supervised research focused on preparation of thesis, including literature review, research, data collection and analysis, and writing."	
75873	CSE 599	Thesis	Select instructor during enrollment	"Supervised research focused on preparation of thesis, including literature review, research, data collection and analysis, and writing."	
72574	CSE 790	Reading and Conference	Select instructor during enrollment	"Independent study in which a student meets regularly with a faculty member to discuss assignments. Course may include such assignments as intensive reading in a specialized area, writing a synthesis of literature on a specified topic, or writing a literature review of a topic."	
84265	CSE 790	Reading and Conference	Select instructor during enrollment	"Independent study in which a student meets regularly with a faculty member to discuss assignments. Course may include such assignments as intensive reading in a specialized area, writing a synthesis of literature on a specified topic, or writing a literature review of a topic."	
73814	CSE 792	Research	Select instructor during enrollment	"Independent study in which a student, under the supervision of a faculty member, conducts research that is expected to lead to a specific project such as a dissertation, report, or publication. Assignments might include data collection, experimental work, data analysis, or preparation of a manuscript."	
88698	CSE 792	Research	Select instructor during enrollment	"Independent study in which a student, under the supervision of a faculty member, conducts research that is expected to lead to a specific project such as a dissertation, report, or publication. Assignments might include data collection, experimental work, data analysis, or preparation of a manuscript."	
72575	CSE 795	Continuing Registration	Select instructor during enrollment	"Used in situations where registration is necessary but where credit is not needed. Replaces arbitrary enrollment in reading and conference, research, thesis, dissertation, etc. Used by students when taking comprehensive examinations, defending theses or dissertations, or fulfilling the continuous enrollment requirement in doctoral programs. Credit is not awarded, and no grade is assigned."	
94627	CSE 795	Continuing Registration	Select instructor during enrollment	"Used in situations where registration is necessary but where credit is not needed. Replaces arbitrary enrollment in reading and conference, research, thesis, dissertation, etc. Used by students when taking comprehensive examinations, defending theses or dissertations, or fulfilling the continuous enrollment requirement in doctoral programs. Credit is not awarded, and no grade is assigned."	
84410	CSE 795	Continuing Registration	Select instructor during enrollment	"Used in situations where registration is necessary but where credit is not needed. Replaces arbitrary enrollment in reading and conference, research, thesis, dissertation, etc. Used by students when taking comprehensive examinations, defending theses or dissertations, or fulfilling the continuous enrollment requirement in doctoral programs. Credit is not awarded, and no grade is assigned."	
72576	CSE 799	Dissertation	Select instructor during enrollment	"Supervised research focused on preparation of dissertation, including literature review, research, data collection and analysis, and writing."	
94914	CSE 799	Dissertation	Select instructor during enrollment	"Supervised research focused on preparation of dissertation, including literature review, research, data collection and analysis, and writing."	
